bugfix: enabling lr scale during distributed training (#2254)
open-edge-platform/training_extensions: CHANGELOG.md

### Bug fixes

- Fix the bug that auto adapt batch size is unavailable with IterBasedRunner (<https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/training_extensions/pull/2182>)

> - Fix the bug that learning rate ins't scaled when multi-GPU trianing (<https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/training_extensions/pull/2254>)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the bug that learning rate isn't scaled when multi-GPU trianing is enabled(<https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/training_extensions/pull/2254>)
```
